hi everybody it's as here from Hill
versus babe facing you catch me at the
beginning of the third boss of the four
that released on the siege of orgrimmar
raid finder difficulty this week and
this fight is all about AB management ab
management and management cannot stress
that enough now first things first you
see that bar that I have there it's
broken up into four segments three of
them are full that is my level of
corruption the higher that is full the
lower the damage I'm dealing to the boss
I must expel my corruption to be able to
do maximum damage so let's get onto its
abilities and I'll show you how to do
that a little later firstly dozen leash
tango which will inflict 300,000
physical damage this is increased by
something called self-doubt which will
add forty percent damage per application
tanks get ready to rotate it does blind
hatred where it creates a beam that
moves around the place we've seen this a
couple of times already in the video if
players getting contact with it ill dual
60,000 shadow damage per second mover
well it also does something called
fusion you see these ants that around
the place every expelled corruption that
reaches the amalgamation will actually
increase its damage by 2% for 15 seconds
and it also deals an icy fear which
deals 40 1250 frost damage to all
players every three seconds the damage
increases as the amalgamation loses
health and it also does fraid when the
amount of each malcolm eysher reaches
fifty percent health and for every
remaining ten percent health it loses on
top of that it will spawn an Unleashed
manifestation of corruption will get on
to those in a bit now this is called
look within and this is your own
personal trial to expel your corruption
I had for ads I've taken care of two of
them three of them have these shields in
front of them therefore I must get
behind them to DPS if I don't get behind
them if I stand front it will simply
deflect the damage and you can see the
debuff time ticking down I have to
defeat all of the
ease in the time given that is my trial
but when I come out as a de-esser all my
corruption has been cleansed and I can
now deal maximum damage on to the boss
tanks and healers you have your own
personal tests as well mine was the test
of serenity healers you have test of
reliance and you must defeat a greater
corruption and you're aided by several
allies now it will deal a number of
abilities the firstly being
disheartening laughs which will inflict
shallow damage to all of the enemies in
the room over 6 seconds to get ready to
heal through it it also do pit of
despair which will inflict 50,000 shadow
damage every second to all enemies
within the area and also lingering
corruption which will inflict a hundred
and sixty-five thousand shadow damage if
it's not dispelled from the target
within 10 seconds yes it's a magical
effect and must be dispelled tanks you
have the test of confidence and you'll
have to try and survive for a minute
against a Titanic corruption now we'll
deal Titanic smash surprisingly enough
which will inflict 275,000 shadow damage
to anyone in a cone in front of it to
make sure you move through it also deals
corruption every successful Titanic
smash that land will give you a stack of
corruption dealing 5500 shadow damage
per stack every second therefore don't
get hit don't let it increase it also do
whole corruption where it will
surprisingly Earl a ball of corruption
at the target inflicting 165,000 shadow
damage its interruptible make sure you
interrupt and it also does burst of
corruption which inflicts a hundred and
ten thousand shadow damage to all
enemies not too much you can do about
that and piercing corruption which
inflicts 200,000 physical damage to the
target and that cannot be absorbed so
just be careful with some cooldowns may
be unleashed corruptions whenever a
player defeats an element of corruption
during the tests it will be
unleashed into the normal round what we
see here this is why all these ads keep
popping up and I say as soon as these
out spawn kill kill kill because when
they come into the real world they get
foul ink and their damage is copied to
the boss the more ads they're out the
stronger the boss you're going to
probably wipe now the manifestations of
corruption have burst anger which
inflict 30,000 shadow damage to all
players within the zone and it will deal
residual corruption when it dies and it
leaves behind a black orb on the ground
which will periodically deal 30,000
shadow damage to all players until it's
soaked up you notice that I actually had
to go and soak up another one and
because people were looking them up and
I've been taken back into the trial now
you must have at least 25 free space on
your corruption bar to soak one if you
have full corruption you will not be
able to soak up one of these orbs so get
on to them really really quickly and the
essence of corruptions those little ones
that you can see dill something called
expel corruption well they'll cast a
ball of corrupted energy outward from
the caster it will do 45,000 damage to
anyone that's in its path and when it
reaches the amalgamation it will
increase its damage by 2% for 15 seconds
ad management ad manager and AB
management keep on top of the ads and
you'll do fine in this fight but it's
pretty darn cool and my favorite I've
got to say so far so there we go I hope
you enjoyed the vid please do like
comment and subscribe to my channel
follow me on twitter facebook and also
twitch fly streaming and i'll be back
with some more stuff very soon you take
care everybody bye bye